Add Project Loved: September 2022 news post (#8010)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2022-09-16-project-loved-september-2022.md

---
layout: post
title: "Project Loved: September 2022"
date: 2022-09-16 08:00:00 +0000
---

The captains at Project Loved present to you a carefully crafted curation of classic creations — or in other words, the next round is here! Come check out the maps and cast your votes.

![](/wiki/shared/news/banners/project-loved-2.jpg)

> For those unfamiliar, Project Loved hosts monthly votings to decide which nominated maps get added to the [Loved category](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets?s=loved). You can click on each map's banner in this post to go to its poll on the forums, or visit [the forum](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/120) for a list of all of the polls. Polls will be open for 10 days, so make sure to cast your votes in time! More info can be found on the [wiki page](/wiki/Community/Project_Loved) and [website](https://loved.sh)!

Reviewer: style thing

```suggestion
For those unfamiliar, Project Loved hosts monthly votings to decide which nominated maps get added to the [Loved category](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets?s=loved). You can click on each map's banner in this post to go to its poll on the forums, or visit [the forum](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/120) for a list of all of the polls. Polls will be open for 10 days, so make sure to cast your votes in time! More info can be found on the [wiki page](/wiki/Community/Project_Loved) and [website](https://loved.sh/)!
```

Author: not a style thing :thinking:

Detailed results for the previous round can be found on the [poll results page of the website](https://loved.sh/statistics) or in the following forum posts:

- [osu!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/posts/8768240)
- [osu!taiko](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/posts/8768239)
- [osu!catch](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/posts/8768238)
- [osu!mania](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/posts/8768237)

> The main update this time around is that the osu! captains have closed their application and decided on the next captains that'll be helping out. In the coming months, you'll get to know these fine gentlemen as they share maps here and open Loved polls:

Reviewer: doesn't quite make sense otherwise

```suggestion
The main update this time around is that the osu! captains have closed their application form and decided on the next captains that'll be helping out. In the coming months, you'll get to know these fine gentlemen as they share maps here and open Loved polls:
```

- [rHO](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1629553)
- [Mismagius](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/19048)
- [Skill](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7802027)
- [DeviousPanda](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4966334)

> As always, if you want to help out with curating the maps that end up in Project Loved's polls, you can share maps with the captains or [review them on the Project Loved website](https://loved.sh/submissions). We are also in talks about testing out a more direct means for the community to nominate maps for Loved, but no promises just yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As always, if you want to help out with curating the maps that end up in the Loved polls, you can share maps with the captains or [review them on the Project Loved website](https://loved.sh/submissions). We are also in talks about testing out a more direct means for the community to nominate maps for Loved, but no promises just yet.
```

> Also, this post wouldn't be complete without something of a shout-out for the new faces helping around here, namely [Irisu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8595858) for helping me develop the website and [0x84f](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7944724), [dyndenial](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16779673), and [Irisu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8595858) for editing the captains' descriptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, this post wouldn't be complete without something of a shout-out for the new faces helping around here, namely [Irisu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8595858) for helping me ([clayton](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3666350)) develop the website and [0x84f](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7944724), [dyndenial](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16779673), and [Irisu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8595858) for editing the captains' descriptions.
```

Author: seems unnecessary, author is already shown everywhere it needs to be

---

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2022-09-16-project-loved-september-2022/1234494.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/{{TOPIC_ID}})

[t+pazolite - Tempestissimo](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1234494#fruits) by [Bunnrei](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/829284)\
231 BPM, 2:15 | 7.52★\
*description written by [Wesley](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2407265)*

This might be a short map, but man is it a banger. But hey, what else can you expect from Bunnrei? The map starts out slowly but quickly turns it up a notch as you can imagine with a song like this. It has a bunch of very quick sliders combined with some stair-esque patterns later on which could throw you off quite easily. To top it all off at the ending, there's just one final slider that will ruin your full combo if you're not paying enough attention!

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2022-09-16-project-loved-september-2022/973421.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/{{TOPIC_ID}})

[Hatsuki Yura - Kaguyahime](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/973421#fruits) by [Kukkai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7811952)\
154 BPM, 4:21 | 6.18★\
*description written by [Tenshichan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1101600)*

> *Kaguyahime* is a mapset which has been in graveyard since October 2019, which is a shame because it contains a really clean and well done catch difficulty mapped by Kukkai. Compared to last month's selection of maps this one is way easier to play but still requires a good amount of consistency and speed to be able to get a full combo. It has a lot of fast-paced patterns which may catch you off guard if you aren't ready for them, especially the later half of the map, which could mark the end of a lot of good runs, because that's where it gets increasingly difficult. All in all this is a fun and neat practice map for aspiring players who want to challenge themselves, but also playground for top players to see how they can do with HR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Kaguyahime* is a mapset which has been in graveyard since October 2019, which is a shame because it contains a really clean and well-done catch difficulty mapped by Kukkai.

Compared to last month's selection of maps this one is way easier to play but still requires a good amount of consistency and speed to be able to get a full combo. It has a lot of fast-paced patterns which may catch you off guard if you aren't ready for them, especially the later half of the map, which could mark the end of a lot of good runs, because that's where it gets increasingly difficult.

All in all this is a fun and neat practice map for aspiring players who want to challenge themselves, but also a playground for top players to see how they'll fare with HR.
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2022-09-16-project-loved-september-2022/1134669.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/{{TOPIC_ID}})

[Hommarju & Dollscythe - Flashes (Hommarju Remix)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1134669#fruits) by [Fauzan 2000](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9317817)\
175 BPM, 2:35 | 8.11★\
*description written by [Sartan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4100941)*

> WUB WUB WUB and other things! You heard that right, we are throwing *Flashes* by *Fauzan 2000* into the loved section; another mapper with their first entry into loved! This is a fairly difficult map, containing many jumps and moderately large sliders that accentuate the aforementioned "WUB" quite well. It is just really satisfactory to indulge yourself in the song — perhaps even putting your audio system to daringly loud volumes and enjoying the intense electronics making your fingers dance. Want to throw in a mod or two? That should be doable for the upper echelon of players, without busting the entire experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WUB WUB WUB and other things! You heard that right, we are throwing *Flashes* by Fauzan 2000 into the loved section — another mapper with their first entry into loved!

This is a fairly difficult map, containing many jumps and moderately large sliders that accentuate the aforementioned "WUB" quite well. It is just really satisfactory to indulge yourself in the song — perhaps even putting your audio system to daringly loud volumes and enjoying the intense electronics making your fingers dance. Want to throw in a mod or two? That should be doable for the upper echelon of players, without busting the entire experience.
```

Sooooo, flash forward to this next paragraph: was I able to convince you to vote for this map? Give it a spin either way!

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2022-09-16-project-loved-september-2022/1205520.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/{{TOPIC_ID}})

[Tomoya Ohtani - Crisis City (SoInhumane Remix)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1205520#fruits) by [Sutavv](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5320583)\
181 BPM, 4:07 | 11.21★\
*description written by [Wesley](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2407265)*

> Hyperwalk enjoyers, rejoice! This week we have another wild map that is filled to the brink with hyperwalks everywhere. This map very much gives me the vibes of [Obsidian](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1130748#fruits) which was Loved about a year ago, calm patterns here and there followed by immediate hyperwalks and insane patterns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hyperwalk enjoyers, rejoice! This week we have another wild map that is filled to the brim with hyperwalks everywhere. This map very much gives me the vibes of [Obsidian](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1130748#fruits) which was Loved about a year ago — calm patterns here and there followed by immediate hyperwalks and insane patterns.
```

Author: forgot to update the PR but this had a different edit on loved.sh that also resolves, i think

He's Carlito. Yes I've just spoiled it to you. That Boy is Carlito. But ~~crappy~~ jokes aside, Evening's *Who's That Boy* has finally been nominated! We hope that both fans of the patterning and people who just want to have a laugh will enjoy this chart as much as we did.

For the unaware, this is a heavily anchor-focused chordjack chart. Its uniqueness comes not only from the song choice (which is already a plus), but rather the way it uses said anchors advantageously. Other than that, you should expect an unrelenting chart that's not going to hold any punches with its constant barrage of chords. So expect your forearms to be a little sore after trying this out.

With all of that said, we hope that this legacy map piques an interest with both people who already played it and those who have yet to try this masterpiece.

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2022-09-16-project-loved-september-2022/623741.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/{{TOPIC_ID}})

[Zekk - Skrillexore](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/623741#mania) by [Azubeur](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1594604)\
175 BPM, 2:37 | 4.62★\
*description written by [RandomeLoL](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7080063)*

> It's been quite some time since they've been under the spotlight ever since [*USAO's Dynamite*](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/589727) was first featured, but Azubeur is back with *Zekk's Skrillexore!*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's been quite some time since they've been under the spotlight ever since [*USAO's Dynamite*](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/589727) was first featured, but Azubeur is back with *Zekk - Skrillexore!*
```

> An old-ish chart of theirs that has amassed asmall following, the chart offers a variety of wacky patterns for each of the remixed songs in the mashup. Definitely a fun challenge for those who are just starting to play at this difficulty! Just be wary of the stream bursts in between, some minijacks here and there, and an ending segment that's comprised of every patterning concept seen before it as a test of your resilience. For those seeking for a greater challenge, we're planning on adding rates to sap its competitive potential at higher leaderboarded difficulties!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An old-ish chart of theirs that has amassed a small following, the chart offers a variety of wacky patterns for each of the remixed songs in the mashup. Definitely a fun challenge for those who are just starting to play at this difficulty! Just be wary of the stream bursts in between, some minijacks here and there, and an ending segment that's comprised of every patterning concept seen before it as a test of your resilience. For those seeking for a greater challenge, we're planning on adding rates to sap its competitive potential at higher leaderboarded difficulties!
```

Author: i want this to be a word now

[Moe Shop - Audiovisual](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1182067#mania) by [Paturages](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1375479)\
128 BPM, 1:49 | 3.22★, 3.23★, 3.23★\
*description written by [-NoName-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10400730)*

Our very own Paturages is overdue for a Loved nomination, and one of his SV works, *Audiovisual*, is finally entering the Loved section!

I hope you are familiar with swing rhythms, because there are plenty of those to go around. This chart is heavy on memorization, so if you want a good score on this, be prepared to practice it for a while. If you're not a fan of the SVs, there's still the NSV difficulty for you to simply enjoy the song with.

Support Paturages and vote for *Audiovisual* if you want to see this mapset in the Loved section!

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2022-09-16-project-loved-september-2022/683291.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/{{TOPIC_ID}})

[Chaos City Niigata - Ukiyoe Yokochou](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/683291#mania) by [Imperial Wolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9080296)\
192 BPM, 2:04 | 4.81★\
*description written by [\_underjoy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2235750)*

> Imperial Wolf is primarily known for his 6K charting, but here we see an impressive jazzy 7K map from him - *Ukiyoe Yokochou*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imperial Wolf is primarily known for his 6K charting, but here we see an impressive jazzy 7K map from him: *Ukiyoe Yokochou*.
```

Although not very dense, this map is very fast-paced and certainly interesting when it comes to patterning. There are numerous swing rhythms and uneven chords that are intertwined by rolly chordstreams and doublestairs. There are also some minor LNs that, while relatively easy, cannot be ignored and will definitely challenge the player's ability to get good accuracy. The whole map is a quick and intense mid-level experience that may be quite hard to high score on — but very rewarding to those who can accomplish such a feat.

Be sure to check this great chart and cast your vote on *Ukiyoe Yokochou*!

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2022-09-16-project-loved-september-2022/1114344.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/{{TOPIC_ID}})

[Sangatsu no Phantasia - Pastel Rain](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1114344#mania) by [quicalid4](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6172698)\
135 BPM, 3:15 | 8.13★\
*description written by [\_underjoy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2235750)*

> quicalid4 is known for his smooth and effective charting of 7K LN maps, and *Pastel rain* is one of his more popular and liked works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
quicalid4 is known for his smooth and effective charting of 7K LN maps, and *Pastel Rain* is one of his more popular and well-regarded works.
```

Reviewer 2: Pastel rain is supposed to be lowercase as per
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24534022/190916476-1cb0bbdf-0905-453f-bb65-a165e7321596.png)

Reviewer: then it should be fixed for all instances, and the image needs to be updated

Author: I think you've read what he said backwards @0x84f , the title is capitalized because metadata person changed it, so that's the one we use in the post. will fix the description

Reviewer 2: oh I didn't think they could change the metadata for the map on the site, thought they just did it on loved.sh

Author: that's right. am i missing something?

> The map holds a rather steady level of difficulty for the most part, featuring relatively dense and constant LN chordstreams and inverses at 130 BPM. Because of this, it's a great test of player's finger control and consistency. The difficulty ramps up near the end, as more minijacks are introduced into the mix, and the density of LNs also increases. The whole map is neatly wrapped up with some bursts, and there's really nothing that's out of place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The map holds a rather steady level of difficulty for the most part, featuring relatively dense and constant LN chordstreams and inverses at 130 BPM. Because of this, it's a great test of finger control and consistency. The difficulty ramps up near the end, as more minijacks are introduced into the mix, and the density of LNs also increases. The whole map is neatly wrapped up with some bursts, and there's really nothing that's out of place.
```
